# Sequential-task-audio
The task consists of moving the cursor, directing it to six targets in a sequence that varies according to the experimental group, using the mouse in such a way that the "touches" on the targets coincide with auditory stimuli (beeps). The time interval between beeps is given by an external file (wait_audio.txt), so it can be modified by the experimenter (the default, already used, is: 0.5; 1.2; 0.5; 1; 0.5; 0.7 seconds). The position of the targets on the screen, as well as the temporal structure, allows the participant time to perform different sequences. The task characterizes a sequential and temporal precision motor skill, simulating motor skills such as dance choreography, rhythmic gymnastics and synchronized swimming, as well as playing a musical instrument such as the drums.

The script was developed to collect data in two experimental phases: Acquisition/Stabilization, in which there is Knowledge of Results regarding the error at each relative time (i.e., at each target), and Transfer/Adaptation, in which 24 trials are performed under the same condition for the experimental groups, without Knowledge of Results. The number of trials in the Acquisition phase can be determined by the experimenter.

The sequence in which the targets are "touched" by the cursor can be free (e.g., for experiments with freedom of choice (self-control) of the movement sequence). In the transfer, only the first and last beeps are provided to the participants, so they must perform sequences with the same temporal structure learned in the Acquisition. Regarding the sequence, both groups can choose the order of the first three touches, and for the last three, they must follow an order that changes with each attempt, defined by an external file (seq_adapt.txt). The standard sequences already used are: 456, 465, 546, 564, 645, and 654. This characteristic of the transfer requires constant adjustments to the movement pattern, without the presence of Knowledge of Results.

The script can handle yoked participants, mirroring the movement sequence built on each trial during the Acquisition phase. The mirroring occurs by simply providing the id of the self-controlled participant in the begining of the script.
